README.md, before:

Hi, I'm Jen!

I'm a developer and digital strategist based near a beautiful stretch of coastline in Ruakākā, Te tai tokerau / Northland &nbsp;[about 2 hours drive north of Tāmaki Makaurau / Auckland in Aotearoa, New Zealand](https://goo.gl/maps/SBy16KxPjGRVYPbu5).

#### What I'm working on now &nbsp;👩🏻‍💻

Various coding challenges and tutorials to sharpen up on my existing skills and knowledge, and try new frameworks and languages while applying for work...👀

A [personal portfolio and site](https://github.com/ajenstory/jencorbett.dev) utilising NEXT.js, tapping into the spotify API, leveraging content-layer & Vercel for CI/CD   

#### What I'm working on next  &nbsp;🎓
An online course registation and management app for continuing professional development, complete with an easy-to-use online administration system, learner enrolment and certification. With secure payment processing through Stripe.   

#### Other projects I'm playing with   &nbsp;🐶  
A menu building app that helps foodies and restaurateurs build sustainable menu plans with a low carbon footprint in mind 
A service finder app connecting dog owners with trusted dog walkers, feeders, companions, and daycare providers in their local area 

#### More about me  &nbsp;👩🏻‍🚀
I recently graduated from Developers Institute, following a lifeling passion for technology. Before that I worked in social media and digital marketing. I'm a proud cat and dog lady, a creative, sometime thespian, and a virtual flâneuse. 
 

### How to reach me 📯
If you're interested in working together, mentoring me, buying me a coffee or chatting about projects and ideas, let's connect and make it happen! ✨
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 
  
<div> 
<a  href="https://linkedin.com/in/jencorbett" target="_blank"><img alt="linkedin badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=LinkedIn&logoColor=white&link=linkedin.com/in/jencorbett"></a>  &nbsp; &nbsp; 
<a href="https://twitter.com/ajenstory" target="_blank"><img  alt="twitter badge" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ajenstory?style=social&link=https://twitter.com/ajenstory/"></a>  &nbsp; &nbsp; 
<a href="https://mastodon.nz" target="_blank"><img  alt="mastodon badge" src="https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/108770328926368471?domain=https%3A%2F%2Fmastodon.nz&style=social&link=mastodon.nz/@jen"></a>   &nbsp; &nbsp; 
<a href="mailto:hello@jencorbett.dev" target="_blank"><img  alt="gmail badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-EA4335?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=(mailto:hello@jencorbett.dev?subject=Hey%Jen,%reaching%out%to%you%from%Github!)"></a></div>

<!---
crashtestdolly/crashtestdolly is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Update README.md with latest project concepts

README.md, after:

Hi, I'm Jen!

I'm a developer and digital strategist based near a beautiful stretch of coastline in Ruakākā, Te tai tokerau / Northland &nbsp;[about 2 hours drive north of Tāmaki Makaurau / Auckland in Aotearoa, New Zealand](https://goo.gl/maps/SBy16KxPjGRVYPbu5).

#### What I'm working on now &nbsp;👩🏻‍💻
I'm currently working through coding challenges and tutorials to learn and improve on my current skill set. Developing concepts and exploring new areas of interest. At the moment, these are:
- [JenCorbett.dev: Personal portfolio and site](https://github.com/ajenstory/jencorbett.dev) 
- [Habitude: Gratitude Tracker](https://github.com/ajenstory/habitude-app)
- [WishWizard: Personalised wishlist manager](https://github.com/ajenstory/wishwizard) 

#### What I'm working on next  &nbsp;🎓
- AILA - an online course registation and management app for continuing professional development, complete with an easy-to-use online administration system, learner enrolment and certification. With secure payment processing through Stripe.   

#### Other projects I'm playing with   &nbsp;🐶  
- A menu building app that helps foodies and restaurateurs build sustainable menu plans with a low carbon footprint in mind 
- A service finder app connecting dog owners with trusted dog walkers, feeders, companions, and daycare providers in their local area 

#### More about me  &nbsp;👩🏻‍🚀
I recently graduated from Developers Institute, following a lifeling passion for technology. Before that I worked in social media and digital marketing. I'm a proud cat and dog lady, a creative, sometime thespian, and a virtual flâneuse. 
 

### How to reach me 📯
If you're interested in working together, mentoring me, buying me a coffee or chatting about projects and ideas, let's connect and make it happen! ✨

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 
  
<div> 
<a  href="https://linkedin.com/in/jencorbett" target="_blank"><img alt="linkedin badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=LinkedIn&logoColor=white&link=linkedin.com/in/jencorbett"></a>  &nbsp; &nbsp; 
<a href="https://twitter.com/ajenstory" target="_blank"><img  alt="twitter badge" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ajenstory?style=social&link=https://twitter.com/ajenstory/"></a>  &nbsp; &nbsp; 
<a href="https://mastodon.nz" target="_blank"><img  alt="mastodon badge" src="https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/108770328926368471?domain=https%3A%2F%2Fmastodon.nz&style=social&link=mastodon.nz/@jen"></a>   &nbsp; &nbsp; 
<a href="mailto:hello@jencorbett.dev" target="_blank"><img  alt="gmail badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-EA4335?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=(mailto:hello@jencorbett.dev?subject=Hey%Jen,%reaching%out%to%you%from%Github!)"></a></div>

<!---
crashtestdolly/crashtestdolly is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
